[tts][ACR-1779] Add TTS synthesized PCM callback (#1848)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/text-input/tts.md

     }
     ```

   - Synthesized PCM

     When a synthesized PCM data is received from a TTS service, the TTS library sends a synthesized PCM data using a callback:

     ```cpp
     /* Callback */
     void

>      synthesized_pcm_cb(tts_h tts, int utt_id, tts_synthesized_pcm_event_e event, const char* pcm_data, int pcm_data_size, tts_audio_type_e audio_type, int sample_rate, void *user_data);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     synthesized_pcm_cb(tts_h tts, int utt_id, tts_synthesized_pcm_event_e event, const char* pcm_data, int pcm_data_size, tts_audio_type_e audio_type, int sample_rate, void *user_data)
```

Author: Thank you for checking. I've just fixed it.

  }
  ```

> <a name="control"></a>

Reviewer 2: Please check 'name'. It seems that `control` is duplicated.

Author: Thank you for checking this. I've fixed it.

## Playing Mode

> It is possible to determine whether to request playback of PCM data synthesized by the TTS service or to receive and play it directly by the TTS client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Playing mode determines which process, either TTS service or TTS client, plays the synthesized PCM data. There are 2 different playing modes. They are described below:
- `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE`: TTS service plays the synthesized PCM data. If you do not set playing mode, it will be set as `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE`.
- `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT`: TTS client receives the synthesized PCM data from TTS service, and plays it directly.
```

Author: Thank you for changing this more properly. I've changed this.

> 

Reviewer 2: It will be better to add the difference between `mode` and `playing mode`.
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Playing mode is different from TTS mode. Playing mode only determines a subject to play PCM data. ...
```

Author: Thank you for adding this. I've added it.

  }
  ```

<a name="playing_mode"></a>

> ## Playing Mode

Author: Thank you for checking this. 
I'll fix it soon.

> Playing mode determines which process, either TTS service or TTS client, plays the synthesized PCM data. There're 2 different playing modes. They are described below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Playing mode determines which process, either TTS service or TTS client, plays the synthesized PCM data. Described below are the 2 different types of playing modes:
```

Author: Thank you for fixing it.
I'll change it according to your comment.

> [!NOTE]
> Playing mode is different from TTS mode. Playing mode only determines a subject to play PCM data.

- `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE`: TTS service plays the synthesized PCM data. If you do not set playing mode, it will be set as `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE`.
- `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT`: TTS client receives the synthesized PCM data from TTS service, and plays it directly.

To decide between the client-side playback mode and the service-side playback mode, follow the steps below:

- Set the playing mode

>   If the application wants to play the PCM data directly instead of playing it that the application requested for synthesis in the TTS service, you can set the playback mode to `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT`. If the playback mode is not set by the user, the TTS service will synthesize the text and play it using the default value 'TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE'.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  If the application wants to play the PCM data directly instead of playing it that the application requested for synthesis in the TTS service, you can set the playback mode to `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT`. If the playback mode is not set by the user, the TTS service will synthesize the text and play it using the default value `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE`.
```

Author: Thank you for checking this. 
I'll fix it soon.

>   If the application wants to play the PCM data directly instead of playing it that the application requested for synthesis in the TTS service, you can set the playback mode to `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT`. If not set, because the default value is `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE`, the TTS service will play it when the TTS client requests to synthesize the text.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  If the application wants to play the PCM data directly instead of playing it that the application requested for synthesis in the TTS service, you can set the playback mode to `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT`. If the playback mode is not set by the user, the TTS service will synthesize the text and play it using the default value 'TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE'.
```

Author: Thank you for fixing it.
I'll change it according to your comment.

  > [!NOTE]

>   > If the playing mode is `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE`, you don't need to set callback. It will be played automatically by the TTS service. If you set the mode to `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT`, you can receive the synthesized PCM data via `synthesized_pcm_callback`. And you only change playing mode when TTS client state is `TTS_STATE_CREATED`. If you want to use both playing mode, it would be better to create 2 TTS handles.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  > If the playing mode is `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE`, you don't need to set a callback. It will be played automatically by the TTS service. If you set the mode to `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT`, you can receive the synthesized PCM data via `synthesized_pcm_callback` and only change playing mode when TTS client state is `TTS_STATE_CREATED`. If you want to use both playing modes, it would be better to create 2 TTS handles:
```

Author: Thank you for fixing it.
I'll change it according to your comment.

  }
  ```

<a name="control"></a>
## Playing Mode

It is possible to determine whether to request playback of PCM data synthesized by the TTS service or to receive and play it directly by the TTS client.

To decide between the client-side playback mode and the service-side playback mode, follow the steps below:

- Set the playing mode

  If the application wants to play the PCM data directly instead of playing it that the application requested for synthesis in the TTS service, you can set the playback mode to 'TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT'. If not set, because the default value is 'TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE', the TTS service will play it when the TTS client requests to synthesize the text.

  > [!NOTE]
  > If the playing mode is 'TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_SERVICE', you don't need to set callback. It will be played automatically by the TTS service.

  ```cpp
  void
  set_playing_mode(tts_h tts)
  {
      int ret;
      int playing_mode = TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT;
      ret = tts_set_playing_mode(tts, playing_mode);
      if (TTS_ERROR_NONE != ret)
          /* Error handling */
  }
  ```

> - Receive the synthesized pcm data

Reviewer: This does not seem to be neccessary, because this description and sample code is already in "Set and unset callbacks" section.

Author: Hmm... Yes, you're right. Actually, this is duplicated with "Set and unset callbacks". But I want to explain how connects the relation between the playing mode function and the callback function. and I also intend to explain how the synthesized PCM callback can receive the PCM data after setting playback mode. 
Anyway, if you think that this is necessary, I think that it is O.K. to remove them. :)

Reviewer: I agree that guide should explain the relation. However, I don't think it shows the relation to explain again the way to set the callback. And I don't think that playing mode is directly related with the callback. but actually I think that the specific mode `TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT` is related with the callback.
So, I think that it is possible to describe this situation using simple note like this.
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If you set the mode as TTS_PLAYING_MODE_BY_CLIENT, you should set the synthesized PCM callback because the synthesized PCM data is transferred by the callback.
```

I belive there should be better way to describe it.

Author: Thank you for sharing your opinion. I agree with yours. 
I've just removed the duplicated explanation and add it in to the note.

>   To receive the synthesized pcm data from the TTS service to the TTS client, you can use the following callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To receive the synthesized pcm data from the TTS service to the TTS client, you can use the following callback:
```

Author: Thank you for checking. I've just fixed it.

  ```cpp
  /* Callback */
  void

>   synthesized_pcm_cb(tts_h tts, int utt_id, tts_synthesized_pcm_event_e event, const char* pcm_data, int pcm_data_size, tts_audio_type_e audio_type, int sample_rate, void *user_data);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  synthesized_pcm_cb(tts_h tts, int utt_id, tts_synthesized_pcm_event_e event, const char* pcm_data, int pcm_data_size, tts_audio_type_e audio_type, int sample_rate, void *user_data)
```

Author: Thank you for checking. I've just fixed it.
